Enterprise docs update (#1475)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-regions.md

<Tip warning={true}>
This feature is part of the <a href="https://huggingface.co/enterprise" target="_blank">Enterprise Hub</a>.
</Tip>

This offers two key benefits:

- Regulatory and legal compliance
- Performance (faster download/upload speeds and lower latency)

Currently available regions:

- US 🇺🇸
- EU 🇪🇺
- Coming soon: Asia-Pacific 🌏

## How to set up

Organizations subscribed to Enterprise Hub can access the Regions settings page:

![](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/storage-regions/feature-annotated.png)

This page displays:

- An audit of your organization's repository locations
- Options to select where new repositories will be stored

## Repository Tag

Any repository (model or dataset) stored in a non-default location displays its Region as a tag, allowing organization members to quickly identify repository locations.

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block" width="400" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/storage-regions/tag-on-repo.png"/>
</div>

## Regulatory and legal compliance

Regulated industries often require data storage in specific regions.

> For EU companies, this means you can use the Hub for ML development in a GDPR-compliant manner, with datasets, models and inference endpoints stored in EU data centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For EU companies, you can use the Hub for ML development in a GDPR-compliant manner, with datasets, models and inference endpoints stored in EU data centers.
```

## Performance

Storing models and datasets closer to your team and infrastructure significantly improves performance for both uploads and downloads.

> This impact is substantial given the typically large size of model weights and dataset files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This impact is substantial, given the large model weights and dataset files.
```

Author: it's not always large so it's fine I think.

![](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/storage-regions/upload-speed.png)

> For example, European users storing repositories in the EU region can expect approximately 4-5x faster upload and download speeds compared to US storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, European users storing repositories in the EU region can expect approximately 4-5x faster upload and download speeds than US storage.
```

Author: compared was as good emphasis
